Feature/user menu (#115)
pxblue/angular-component-library: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## v2.1.0

> -   Add new component for `<pxb-user-menu` (requires @pxblue/angular-themes@^5.1.0 for theme styling).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Add new component for `<pxb-user-menu` (use @pxblue/angular-themes v5.1.0+ to get PX Blue themes for this component).
```

> -   Add new component for `<pxb-user-menu` (use @pxblue/angular-themes v5.1.0+ to get PX Blue themes for this component).

Reviewer 2: missed a `>`
